----------------------- REVIEW 1 ---------------------
PAPER: 58
TITLE: System Description: A Semantics-Aware LaTeX-to-Office Converter
AUTHORS: Lukas Kohlhase and Michael Kohlhase

OVERALL EVALUATION: 1 (weak accept)

----------- REVIEW -----------
The authors report on a system aimed at mitigating the division between users
of LaTeX and users of office suites for document preparation in academia. The
system comprises a plug-in for the LaTeXML tool supporting conversion of LaTeX
source into the formats used by MS Word and LibreOffice and OpenOffice.

The paper is clearly written and well-motivated. it would be useful to have
some more information about the workflows and use cases the authors are
interested in supporting. Is there a need for a translation in the opposite
direction?

The authors don't mention industrial applications, but as incompatibility with
the standard office suites has also been an issue for the take-up of formal
methods in industry, this system certainly has potential outside academia.

The software builds and the supplied test worked, but the graphic was
not visible. I tried it with the maths in the test not commented out
and the maths in LibreOffice was barely readable. However, this may
well be due to problems I had installing LaTeXML.

Typo: "... we use a stylesheet supplied by to ...": either name the
supplier or delete "supplied by".

----------------------- REVIEW 2 ---------------------
PAPER: 58
TITLE: System Description: A Semantics-Aware LaTeX-to-Office Converter
AUTHORS: Lukas Kohlhase and Michael Kohlhase

OVERALL EVALUATION: 2 (accept)

----------- REVIEW -----------
The paper describes a new Latex to office converter, which is
based on LatexML. Actually, the new converter is just a LatexML
plugin, leveraging the structure preserving parsing and
translation of LatexML.

I am not completely sure, whether text processing tools are in
the scope of the CICM systems track, but given that a lot of
mathematical articles are written in Latex, I assume that the
system is of interest to the CICM community.

The presentation would benefit from an example that shows the
quality of the translation process. I know that this is
difficult, given the page limit. But maybe Fig 1 can get a 3rd
column, showing the output of the new system, or a reference to
some examples on the web could be added.

Minor comments:

- line 6: _use_ missing

- 5th last line of sect 1: space missing after TeX

- same sentence: I don't understand, why the TeX coverage
  matters, when it parses Latex. I thought the question is
  whether the Latex coverage is complete.

- last line: please explain the KWARC abbreviation

----------------------- REVIEW 3 ---------------------
PAPER: 58
TITLE: System Description: A Semantics-Aware LaTeX-to-Office Converter
AUTHORS: Lukas Kohlhase and Michael Kohlhase

OVERALL EVALUATION: 2 (accept)

----------- REVIEW -----------
This paper presents a latexml-plugin which converts Latex files to Word or
Libre/OpenOffice. 

I really like this paper. It adresses a very relevant and important question,
presents a single, useful tool. The tool description, and problems handled
when developing this tool, is very lucid, and and easy to follow.

My only lingering doubt is that latexml, last time I tried it (which
admittedly was not very recent), does not handle all of latex, and has
problems with some of the more exotic style files.

I recommend this tool demonstration be accepted. If it performs as
advertised, it would be of immense interest in the CICM and wider
scientific community.
