Dear Sophie Rességuier Faro,

Because of different reasons it took us some time to revise our paper
and follow your suggestion to re-submit a revised version. We have
improved the paper in several ways - in particular the calculus is
written up in a way which is much more modular and better to
understand - so that we think the paper is now much better,
language-wise and technically. We hope that it will find the approval
of the reviewers.

Kind regards
Manfred Kerber and Michael Kohlhase


In detail to the suggestions by the reviewers (the original reviews
are at the end of the email):
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reviewer 1:

* We have improved the standard of writing by rewriting and breaking
  up sentences which were difficult to read.

1. We have introduced the examples earlier, motivating the many-valued
   aspect of the logic by the example of section 5 and clarifying the
   semantics of universal quantification in the light of restriction
   constraints by the example of section 4. We left the section 4 and
   5 in the text, however, since a reader may gain much understanding
   from the examples and understand the calculus much better. The
   examples also demonstrate that the reasoning in this calculus is in
   typical linguistic situations not significantly more difficult than
   reasoning in standard 1st order logic would be.

2. We have clarified the relevance of this example. The example in
   section 4 is indeed not an example for the need of a many-valued
   approach (the example in section 5 is), but an example for the
   value of restricted quantification. The translation from natural
   language to formal logic is relatively simple in our logic: John's
   children are sleeping => forall x_{child(x,John)} sleeps(x). No
   explicit statement has to be made that the set {x | child(x,John)}
   is non-empty. The translation into classical logic would have to
   be: (1) forall x. child(x,John) -> sleeps(x)
       (2) exists x. child(x,John)
   Of course, this is a valid translation and shows that there is a
   way around (unlike the situation of existantial quantification,
   where no way around exists). Still the translation into our logic is
   more elegant and reflects the linguistic description much more
   adequately.

   We have made remarks at the end of section 3 and in the conclusion
   to clarify that the two main phenomena we want to model, quantifier
   presuppositions and existential presuppositions are modeled by two
   different aspects of the logic, namely, restricted quantifiers and
   the many-valued logic, respectively.

3. A fair comment. We have deleted this part as suggested.

4. Many thanks for the many thorough hints about the English. All
   points mentioned are valid and have been taken care of.

5. We have dealt with these points and changed them accordingly.

6. The examples have been replaced and make use of Sherlock
   Holmes/Conan Doyle domain now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reviewer 2:

* "However, I have some doubts about their significance: The paper has
   only four theorems, mainly referring to the soundness and
   completeness of a resolution calculus for handling partial
   information.  The results on resolution for the 5-valued logic and
   for reasoning about partiality do not seem to be very surprising"

Answer: Yes, but handling partial information is only one aspect of
   what we did. Indeed we wouldn't think that the four theorems are
   the main contribution. Building a logic (incl. calculus) which can
   deal with presuppositions and partial information was the main
   aspect of our work. We consider it as our main achievement to build
   a logic which deals with restricted quantification to model
   quantification presuppositions and additional truth values to model
   secure/insecure terms. Partial information is a further aspect, but
   not the main aspect of our work.

* "Moreover, nearly no comparisons are made with other approaches for
   modeling and reasoning about partiality. Therefore, the advantage
   of the approach the authors propose as compared to other approaches
   is not clear. Also missing (except for the examples in the last
   section) is a convincing motivation of the usefulness of the method
   for handling partiality in practical applications."

Answer: We have taken up some of the suggested work and compared
   it. However, since dealing with partiality is only one aspect of
   the paper, we do not want to go too deeply in the large body of
   literature and discuss all different possibilities how to model it.

To the detailed comments:

page 5, Section 1.3. 
Answer: Many thanks for these suggestions. We cite now [Bur86] and [GSW06]. 

page 7, Section 2, Definition 2.
Answer: Definition changed as suggested.


page 13, Section 3.  
Answer: We have added a discussion about the relationship to [GSW06]
        and the different approach to partiality in our work.

pages 14-16, Definition 15:
Answer: done.

page 16, Theorem 18: 
Answer: changed as requested.

page 17, Theorem 23.
Answer: We quote [GS00] and [Weidenbach96]. We remark that this should
        allow to apply classical supperposition methods. However, we have
        not changed the proofs in the paper. This would result in
        major changes throughout. We see this more as potential
        further work.

pages 23- 24: References.  
Answer: We have updated the references, which include now seven from
        the last 10 years.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Original email
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date: Mon, 18 May 2009 16:30:58 +0200
From: Sophie Resseguier <sophie.resseguier@irit.fr>
Reply-To: sophie.resseguier@irit.fr

Dear Manfred Kerber,
Dear Michael Kohlhase,

 
We regret to inform you that your paper entitled:

 
*Reasoning without Believing: On the Mechanization of Presuppositions 
and Partiality*

 
cannot be accepted as it is for publication in the Journal of Applied
Non-Classical Logics (http://www.irit.fr/JANCL). Nevertheless, we
believe that its content is promising and we invite you to submit
later to the journal an improved version of your paper. We attach
the reviewer's comments, we hope they are helpful for your work.
 
   Best regards
 
 Sophie Rességuier Faro
 (on behalf of the JANCL Editorial Board)
--------------080608020608060304060704
Reviewer 1:
Content-Type: text/plain;
 name="kk-review.txt"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Disposition: inline;
 filename="kk-review.txt"

Review of paper: Reasoning without believing: on the mechanization 
   of presuppositions and partiality.

Summary:

This paper presents a 5 valued logic for handling non-existent
objects, failure of presupposition and undefinedness. The five truth
values are t^+, t^-, f^+, f^- and u. Here, t and f correspond roughly
to the standard notions of truth and falsity, while the superscripts
indicate the `security'-value (for example, non-existent objects may
satisfy certain predicates `insecurely'); the final truth value is
reserved for complete nonsense. It is not explained how to map natural
languages into formulas of this language, or how to assign
truth-values in particular cases; however, several examples are given
to motivate the semantics. Technically, the main contribution of the
paper is a sound and complete resolution system for this logic. The
existence of such a system is not surprising, and the proofs represent
a relatively straightforward extension of completeness proofs for
resolution in the ordinary predicate calculus. Nevertheless, given the
independent motivation of the logic, they seem to me to be worth
knowing and recording. 

Evaluation

In general, I was fairly happy with this paper and what it achieves;
and I certainly think that, with modifications, it deserves to be
published. However, I belive it needs to be improved in various
respects before it can finally be accepted. Most salient among these
is the standard of writing, which falls well below the minimum level
that can be considered for an academic journal. However, would I
encourage the authors to resubmit.

Specific comments:

1. I agree that the examples in sections 4 and 5 are important in
   motivating the logic. But why do we need to actually see the
   *resolution proofs*?  This is just silly: the authors have gone to
   the trouble of proving soundness and completeness; so why not give
   a semantic argument for the entailments (surely, much more
   perspicuous), and rely on the theorems just proved to assure us of
   the existence of such proofs?  A great advantage of this strategy
   would be that sections 4 and 5, which are motivationally important,
   could then be brough forward in the paper. 

2. I found the example in Section 4 unconvincing: does it really show
   the need for fancy truth-values and an account of quantificational
   presupposition? It seems to me that the desired inference can be
   more easily secured by treating the critical quantificational
   presupposition as an additional formula, and working in classical
   logic. If this is wrong, or bad, or sub-optimal, why? If it stops
   us from doing something important, what? We don't seem to be
   told. If this is the best the authors can do for justifying a logic
   which distinguishes quantificational presuppositions, then it's a
   pretty weak argument.  Can this example could be strengthened?  The
   example in in Section 5 seemed better in this respect: it is much
   less clear that existence questions can be properly posed in
   classical terms. Even so, I would have welcomed a more in-depth and
   thoughtful account of the philosophical issues here.

3. Some of the paper is a bit elementary for the likely audience. I
   really think that the first two paragraphs of section 1.4 can be
   deleted. A brief reference to relevant textbook material is okay,
   but not this level of blurb.

4. The English is extremely unidiomatic---in many places, to the point
   of complete incomprehensibility. The paper cannot possibly be
   published unless it is completely rewritten in a variety of English
   that will not grind down any reader after about three
   pages. Herewith a random selection of problems (certainly not
   exhaustive):

 a) The punctuation is incorrect throughout. The authors seem to
    understand no punctuation marks other than full stop and the
    comma---the latter being often confusingly mis-used.

 b) p 2 l 1: "In this paper we address two important ones/ The first
    is about so-called presuppositions". You just can't use "ones"
    anaphorically like this in English: it sounds stupid. And anyway,
    tracing back the (assumed) anaphora, I take it that "ones" refers
    to "discrepancies". So what does it mean for a "discrepancy" to be
    "*about* so-called presuppositions"? You can's say that in English
    either: "discrepancy about presuppositions" is nonsense.

c) "Dynamified" (p. 3) is not a word, I think.

d) First sentence of 1.2 (and following): bad anaphorical use of
   "ones" again. Yet again, even if the grammar were fixed, the
   writing would be nonsense. The authors should, as an exercise (or
   as a form of self-flagellation) write out the anaphoric target in
   every case in this paper. Look at what happens in this sentence:

     "...: the quantificational presuppositions [=`ones']presuppose
     that the domain..."

   Do presuppositions presuppose? I think not. Moral: if you could not
   even be bothered to work through the micro-logic of what you write
   yourself, why should anyone else have to?

e) Same paragraph: "always must" ===> "must always"

f) Next paragraph "This has always been..." This what? It's unclear to
   me.

g) p 4 "and 0 else" ===> " and 0 otherwise"

h) p 4 l -16: "[Noun-phrase] allows [Infinitive verb-phrase]" is 
    ungrammatical. Allows generally requires a noun-phrase object in English.

i) p 5 l2 "Here the semantics..." This sentence is really funny: not
   sure what is means.

j) First sentence of 1.3 "go for": inappropriate register

k) Same paragraph: "obsolete" is not really the right word, is it?

l) Next paragraph "in presence of" ==> "in the presence of"

m) Next paragraph "advocate for" ==> "advocate"

n) Next paragraph (last on p 5). I couldn't work out what point you 
   were trying to make in this paragraph

o) p 6 "In the sequel" is misused.

p) p 7 "adapted, so that" ===> "adapted so that". (This kind of misuse of the
   comma is very distracting, because it changes the way the sentences
   is parsed.)

q) p 7 l -12 "From this set of basic material" sounds terribly strange
   to me.  Also: a "rather standard matter" sounds a bit odd.

r) p 8 l 6 "as it can be found in sorted logics" (not English syntax,
   I'm afraid.)

s) p 8 -10 "else" ==> "otherwise". Anyway, you can't do this. Otherwise 
   than what?

t) p 9 l 2 for at least one i

u) same page "definedness knowledge" is nonsense

v) I would write out iff in ordinary text (also in definitions etc.)

w) p 13. Footnote 5 contains a double relative clause! I simply don't
   believe anyone could think this sentence is okay. Are the   
   authors deliberately wasting the reader's (and reviewer's) time?

x) p. 15: The sentence beginning "The second quantifier rule" is
   simply all over the place. You neeed to do much better than this.
   And how about some proper puntuation in the next paragraph? ("The
   clause normal form..."

y) p 6 l 2 "as quantification over empty sets are vacuously true":
   "are" or "is"? And what does "quantification is true" (vacuously
   or otherwise) mean?

z) p. 20 "the company has a social touch". Sorry: not English.

   Okay, look, I've run out of letters at this point, and out of
   patience too. I have not run out of the mistakes I found in the
   English. I hope it's clear the writing is nowhere near good enough.
   (Actually, I think the worst ones were near the end.) 

5. Technical terms are sometimes used in a peculiar way. 

   -What (2nd paragraph of 1.3) is an "undefined object"?  An undefined
    term or constant or expression makes sense. But an undefined
    object?

  - Conversely, what is meant (last paragraph on page 4) by
    "(existence of constants)"? Constants exist
    unproblematically---their denotations are another matter.
 
  -Defintition 19 doesn't seem to be a definition---at least syntactically.

  - p. 4 "On any reasonable axiomatization "The king of France is
    wise" would be insecure." What has this got to do with
    *axiomatizations*. Axiomatization of what?  

6. On a more light-hearted note, I wondered about the problem of
   cultural specificity. Sherlock Holmes is not so bad (and makes
   sense in the present context). But is the reference to Jane Austen
   necessary, and what does it add? It's not as if Emma Woodhouse was
   a detective. I do not think that anyone outside German-speaking
   countries has heard of Jerry Cotton: Winnetou examples would be
   only marginally sillier. Flush it.





Decision:

   Major revisions: but encourage re-submission following a complete
   re-write.


--------------080608020608060304060704
Reviewer 2:
 name="Referee-report-jancl-09-for-authors.doc" inserted as txt.
--------------080608020608060304060704--

Title:   Reasoning without believing: 
         On the Mechanization of Presuppositions and Partiality

Authors: Manfred Kerber and Michael Kohlhase


Referee report
==============

Overview
--------
The paper addresses the problem of reasoning in the presence of partial 
information. The main contributions of the paper are: 
(1) Defining a so-called ``Presupposition logic'' PL with a 5-valued semantics.
(2) Giving a resolution calculus for PL; proving that it is sound and complete.

Evaluation
----------
The paper is in the scope of the journal. It is clearly written, and the 
results appear to be sound. However, I have some doubts about their 
significance: The paper has only four theorems, mainly referring to the 
soundness and completeness of a resolution calculus for handling partial 
information. The results on resolution for the 5-valued logic and for 
reasoning about partiality do not seem to be very surprising (especially 
in the light of work on deduction in finitely-valued logic from 1990-2000, 
which showed that signed clauses over any finitely valued logic can be 
naturally expressed in classical first order logic, and that most signed 
resolution calculi for finitely valued logics can be obtained in a natural 
way from specializations of superposition). 

Moreover, nearly no comparisons are made with other approaches for modeling 
and reasoning about partiality. Therefore, the advantage of the approach the 
authors propose as compared to other approaches is not clear. Also missing 
(except for the examples in the last section) is a convincing motivation of 
the usefulness of the method for handling partiality in practical applications.

Given these problems with the paper, I cannot recommend its acceptance 
(at least not in the present form). 


Detailed comments
-----------------
page 5, Section 1.3. 
   There are many approaches to handling undefined functions. 
   A survey on various semantics for partial functions (including various 
   ways of defining truth w.r.t.\ partial algebras) is given in [Bur86].

   [Bur86] Peter Burmeister, 
           A Model Theoretic Oriented Approach to Partial Algebras 
           (Akademie-Verlag, Berlin, 1986)
           http://www.mathematik.tu-darmstadt.de/~burmeister/

   cf. also the list of references to papers in which methods for 
   formalizing undefinedness and reasoning in and about partial functions. 
   available online on Cliff Jones' website: 

   http://homepages.cs.ncl.ac.uk/cliff.jones/ftp-stuff/lpf-refns.pdf

   The authors mention a previous paper in which they used a 3-valued Kleene 
   like logic for modeling undefinedness. A many-valued logic is used also in 
   [GSW06] for giving a semantics for ``Evans'' type validity in partial 
   models. Are there relationships with these methods?

   [GSW06] Harald Ganzinger, Viorica Sofronie-Stokkermans, and Uwe Waldmann, 
          "Modular Proof Systems for Partial Functions with Evans Equality" 
           Information and Computation 204 (10): 1453-1492, 2006.

page 7, Section 2, Definition 2.
   In this definition (the way it is given) syntactic and semantical 
   explanations are mixed. I suggest to end the definition after the point 
   at which formulae are defined, and include the semantical considerations 
   on the intended meaning of restricted quantification in a remark that 
   follows after the definition. 

Page 13, Section 3.  
   At the beginning of this section, the authors mention existing resolution 
   calculi for: 
      - partial functions (Kerber et al, 1994)
      - Bergmann's logic (Kerber et al, 1996a)
      - sorted logic  
   It may be good to also mention other approaches to resolution for 
   partial functions (e.g.\ those presented in [GSW06] (see above))
   and explain the similarities and differences.

pages 14-16, Definition 15:
   A method for translating formulae to a clause normal form, where the 
   clauses consist of labelled atoms (atoms labelled with truth valued) 
   is presented. It is mentioned that this transformation to clause normal 
   form is not complete in general (problems may appear in the presence of 
   degenerate quantifications with possibly empty restrictions). 
   In order to avoid this, the authors assume that degenerate quantifications 
   are forbidden, i.e. that in all formulae the bound variables of 
   quantification occur in the scope. It would be useful if the authors 
   would point out how difficult it is to check, for a given formula, 
   whether this condition holds.

page 16, Theorem 18: 
   Please add the condition on $\Psi$ mentioned before 
   in the premise of the theorem.

page 17, Theorem 23.
   The soundness and completeness of the resolution calculus you define 
   appears natural, given the link between translations to signed 
   clause form and the translations to classical logic [BH99, GS00]. 

   In [GS00] for instance it is shown that the signed CNF translation 
   is a translation to classical logic and that superposition specializes 
   to a refined version of the many-valued resolution rules introduced 
   by Baaz and Fermueller, and that ordered chaining can be specialized 
   to a refutationally complete inference system for regular clauses.

   The use of this argument in the present paper might allow a better 
   explanation of the restriction constraints, and would allow to 
   directly apply a classical supperposition principle with sorts 
   as given e.g. in [Wei93,96] for this type of clauses. 


   [BHF99] Bernhard Beckert, Reiner Hähnle, Felip Manya
           Transformations between Signed and Classical Clause Logic
           Proc. 29th ISMVL (International Symposium on Multiple-valued 
           Logic), pages 248-255,  IEEE Computer Society Press, 1999.
   
   [GS00] Harald Ganzinger and Viorica Sofronie-Stokkermans 
         ``Chaining techniques for automated theorem proving in 
          finitely-valued logics'',
          Proc. 30th ISMVL, pages 337-344, IEEE Computer Society Press, 2000.
        
   [Wei93] Christoph Weidenbach
           Extending the Resolution Method with Sorts. 
           Proc. IJCAI 1993: pages 60-65.

   [Wei96] Christoph Weidenbach
           Unification in Sort Theories and its Applications
           Annals of Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence 18 (2/4): 
           261-293, 1996

pages 23- 24: References.
   Most of the references (with the exception of two system descriptions) 
   are more than 10 years old; the authors do not refer to any result 
   in the field which is newer than 10 years.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
